well how did their internet people
Isabeau again I have been asked to give
a toast to Supreme Court justice
Cavanaugh and kind of celebrate his
ascension to the throne you know up to
the Supreme Court
congratulations I'm very glad that your
life wasn't ruined I was worried there
for a minute it's where you're gonna
have to go back and like mine coal or
something so we did it guys we did it we
got him up there
and now America's gonna be safe we're
gonna be free again you know why because
we finally got us a guy out there who
isn't gonna be tied down or worried
about silly things like jury trials or
lawyers or even charges but before
somebody gets indefinitely detained I
mean that's gonna keep us free keep us
safe right there and then to make it
even easier for the government to find
the bad people because they are a very
efficient organization and they don't
make mistakes ever the National Security
Agency they got them a guy up there
who's totally down with them gathering
information on us without a warrant for
no reason um again they'll keep us free
keep you safe and then and then the
local cops you guys are good to you guys
got somebody up there bad for you
because this guy's totally down will you
being able to stop people for no reason
whatsoever grab them like literally grab
me physically grab them pat him down rub
on them and stuff I mean and ask for
their identification you know papers
please there's no way that's gonna be
abused um because the government they're
good people
there's no
there's no pattern of abuse there that
we need to worry about not at all
and all that's gonna keep us free is
gonna keep us free it's gonna keep us
safe and that's what's important right
safety and freedom without our rights
you know it seen in an ad I think that
it seemed kind of silly it's almost like
none of us even looked into this man's
rulings we're just really here to beat
them feminists and then leftist but we
did that we did it oh we beat the
feminists we beat the leftist we got a
man's man up there on the Supreme Court
and it's good for us we're gonna be free
now okay so yeah we had to we had to
give up some rights and sell out our
country and shred Constitution but we
sure beat them me two girls